cdrom/debian-cd_info.tar.gz                             -- EFI config files for CD
cdrom/initrd.gz                                         -- initrd for use with EFI to build a CD
cdrom/vmlinuz                                           -- kernel for use with EFI to build a CD
device-tree/README                                      -- Device Tree Blobs README
device-tree/allwinner/sun50i-a64-amarula-relic.dtb      -- Device Tree Blob: sun50i-a64-amarula-relic.dtb
device-tree/allwinner/sun50i-a64-bananapi-m64.dtb       -- Device Tree Blob: sun50i-a64-bananapi-m64.dtb
device-tree/allwinner/sun50i-a64-nanopi-a64.dtb         -- Device Tree Blob: sun50i-a64-nanopi-a64.dtb
device-tree/allwinner/sun50i-a64-olinuxino.dtb          -- Device Tree Blob: sun50i-a64-olinuxino.dtb
device-tree/allwinner/sun50i-a64-orangepi-win.dtb       -- Device Tree Blob: sun50i-a64-orangepi-win.dtb
device-tree/allwinner/sun50i-a64-pine64-lts.dtb         -- Device Tree Blob: sun50i-a64-pine64-lts.dtb
device-tree/allwinner/sun50i-a64-pine64-plus.dtb        -- Device Tree Blob: sun50i-a64-pine64-plus.dtb
device-tree/allwinner/sun50i-a64-pine64.dtb             -- Device Tree Blob: sun50i-a64-pine64.dtb
device-tree/allwinner/sun50i-a64-pinebook.dtb           -- Device Tree Blob: sun50i-a64-pinebook.dtb
device-tree/allwinner/sun50i-a64-sopine-baseboard.dtb   -- Device Tree Blob: sun50i-a64-sopine-baseboard.dtb
device-tree/allwinner/sun50i-a64-teres-i.dtb            -- Device Tree Blob: sun50i-a64-teres-i.dtb
device-tree/allwinner/sun50i-h5-libretech-all-h3-cc.dtb -- Device Tree Blob: sun50i-h5-libretech-all-h3-cc.dtb
device-tree/allwinner/sun50i-h5-nanopi-neo-plus2.dtb    -- Device Tree Blob: sun50i-h5-nanopi-neo-plus2.dtb
device-tree/allwinner/sun50i-h5-nanopi-neo2.dtb         -- Device Tree Blob: sun50i-h5-nanopi-neo2.dtb
device-tree/allwinner/sun50i-h5-orangepi-pc2.dtb        -- Device Tree Blob: sun50i-h5-orangepi-pc2.dtb
device-tree/allwinner/sun50i-h5-orangepi-prime.dtb      -- Device Tree Blob: sun50i-h5-orangepi-prime.dtb
device-tree/allwinner/sun50i-h5-orangepi-zero-plus.dtb  -- Device Tree Blob: sun50i-h5-orangepi-zero-plus.dtb
device-tree/allwinner/sun50i-h5-orangepi-zero-plus2.dtb -- Device Tree Blob: sun50i-h5-orangepi-zero-plus2.dtb
device-tree/allwinner/sun50i-h6-pine-h64.dtb            -- Device Tree Blob: sun50i-h6-pine-h64.dtb
device-tree/amd/amd-overdrive-rev-b0.dtb                -- Device Tree Blob: amd-overdrive-rev-b0.dtb
device-tree/amd/amd-overdrive-rev-b1.dtb                -- Device Tree Blob: amd-overdrive-rev-b1.dtb
device-tree/amd/amd-overdrive.dtb                       -- Device Tree Blob: amd-overdrive.dtb
device-tree/amd/husky.dtb                               -- Device Tree Blob: husky.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-axg-s400.dtb                  -- Device Tree Blob: meson-axg-s400.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxbb-nanopi-k2.dtb            -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxbb-nanopi-k2.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxbb-nexbox-a95x.dtb          -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxbb-nexbox-a95x.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxbb-odroidc2.dtb             -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxbb-odroidc2.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxbb-p200.dtb                 -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxbb-p200.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxbb-p201.dtb                 -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxbb-p201.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxbb-vega-s95-meta.dtb        -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxbb-vega-s95-meta.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxbb-vega-s95-pro.dtb         -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxbb-vega-s95-pro.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxbb-vega-s95-telos.dtb       -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxbb-vega-s95-telos.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxbb-wetek-hub.dtb            -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxbb-wetek-hub.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxbb-wetek-play2.dtb          -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxbb-wetek-play2.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxl-s805x-p241.dtb            -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxl-s805x-p241.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxl-s905d-p230.dtb            -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxl-s905d-p230.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxl-s905d-p231.dtb            -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxl-s905d-p231.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxl-s905w-p281.dtb            -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxl-s905w-p281.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxl-s905w-tx3-mini.dtb        -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxl-s905w-tx3-mini.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxl-s905x-hwacom-amazetv.dtb  -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxl-s905x-hwacom-amazetv.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxl-s905x-khadas-vim.dtb      -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxl-s905x-khadas-vim.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxl-s905x-libretech-cc.dtb    -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxl-s905x-libretech-cc.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxl-s905x-nexbox-a95x.dtb     -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxl-s905x-nexbox-a95x.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxl-s905x-p212.dtb            -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxl-s905x-p212.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxm-khadas-vim2.dtb           -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxm-khadas-vim2.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxm-nexbox-a1.dtb             -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxm-nexbox-a1.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxm-q200.dtb                  -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxm-q200.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxm-q201.dtb                  -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxm-q201.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxm-rbox-pro.dtb              -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxm-rbox-pro.dtb
device-tree/amlogic/meson-gxm-vega-s96.dtb              -- Device Tree Blob: meson-gxm-vega-s96.dtb
device-tree/apm/apm-merlin.dtb                          -- Device Tree Blob: apm-merlin.dtb
device-tree/apm/apm-mustang.dtb                         -- Device Tree Blob: apm-mustang.dtb
device-tree/arm/foundation-v8-gicv3-psci.dtb            -- Device Tree Blob: foundation-v8-gicv3-psci.dtb
device-tree/arm/foundation-v8-gicv3.dtb                 -- Device Tree Blob: foundation-v8-gicv3.dtb
device-tree/arm/foundation-v8-psci.dtb                  -- Device Tree Blob: foundation-v8-psci.dtb
device-tree/arm/foundation-v8.dtb                       -- Device Tree Blob: foundation-v8.dtb
device-tree/arm/juno-r1.dtb                             -- Device Tree Blob: juno-r1.dtb
device-tree/arm/juno-r2.dtb                             -- Device Tree Blob: juno-r2.dtb
device-tree/arm/juno.dtb                                -- Device Tree Blob: juno.dtb
device-tree/arm/rtsm_ve-aemv8a.dtb                      -- Device Tree Blob: rtsm_ve-aemv8a.dtb
device-tree/arm/vexpress-v2f-1xv7-ca53x2.dtb            -- Device Tree Blob: vexpress-v2f-1xv7-ca53x2.dtb
device-tree/broadcom/bcm2837-rpi-3-a-plus.dtb           -- Device Tree Blob: bcm2837-rpi-3-a-plus.dtb
device-tree/broadcom/bcm2837-rpi-3-b-plus.dtb           -- Device Tree Blob: bcm2837-rpi-3-b-plus.dtb
device-tree/broadcom/bcm2837-rpi-3-b.dtb                -- Device Tree Blob: bcm2837-rpi-3-b.dtb
device-tree/broadcom/bcm2837-rpi-cm3-io3.dtb            -- Device Tree Blob: bcm2837-rpi-cm3-io3.dtb
device-tree/cavium/thunder-88xx.dtb                     -- Device Tree Blob: thunder-88xx.dtb
device-tree/cavium/thunder2-99xx.dtb                    -- Device Tree Blob: thunder2-99xx.dtb
device-tree/hisilicon/hi3660-hikey960.dtb               -- Device Tree Blob: hi3660-hikey960.dtb
device-tree/hisilicon/hi3798cv200-poplar.dtb            -- Device Tree Blob: hi3798cv200-poplar.dtb
device-tree/hisilicon/hi6220-hikey.dtb                  -- Device Tree Blob: hi6220-hikey.dtb
device-tree/hisilicon/hip05-d02.dtb                     -- Device Tree Blob: hip05-d02.dtb
device-tree/hisilicon/hip06-d03.dtb                     -- Device Tree Blob: hip06-d03.dtb
device-tree/hisilicon/hip07-d05.dtb                     -- Device Tree Blob: hip07-d05.dtb
device-tree/marvell/armada-3720-db.dtb                  -- Device Tree Blob: armada-3720-db.dtb
device-tree/marvell/armada-3720-espressobin.dtb         -- Device Tree Blob: armada-3720-espressobin.dtb
device-tree/marvell/armada-7040-db.dtb                  -- Device Tree Blob: armada-7040-db.dtb
device-tree/marvell/armada-8040-db.dtb                  -- Device Tree Blob: armada-8040-db.dtb
device-tree/marvell/armada-8040-mcbin.dtb               -- Device Tree Blob: armada-8040-mcbin.dtb
device-tree/marvell/armada-8080-db.dtb                  -- Device Tree Blob: armada-8080-db.dtb
device-tree/nvidia/tegra132-norrin.dtb                  -- Device Tree Blob: tegra132-norrin.dtb
device-tree/nvidia/tegra210-p2371-0000.dtb              -- Device Tree Blob: tegra210-p2371-0000.dtb
device-tree/nvidia/tegra210-p2371-2180.dtb              -- Device Tree Blob: tegra210-p2371-2180.dtb
device-tree/nvidia/tegra210-p2571.dtb                   -- Device Tree Blob: tegra210-p2571.dtb
device-tree/nvidia/tegra210-smaug.dtb                   -- Device Tree Blob: tegra210-smaug.dtb
device-tree/qcom/apq8016-sbc.dtb                        -- Device Tree Blob: apq8016-sbc.dtb
device-tree/qcom/apq8096-db820c.dtb                     -- Device Tree Blob: apq8096-db820c.dtb
device-tree/qcom/ipq8074-hk01.dtb                       -- Device Tree Blob: ipq8074-hk01.dtb
device-tree/qcom/msm8916-mtp.dtb                        -- Device Tree Blob: msm8916-mtp.dtb
device-tree/qcom/msm8992-bullhead-rev-101.dtb           -- Device Tree Blob: msm8992-bullhead-rev-101.dtb
device-tree/qcom/msm8994-angler-rev-101.dtb             -- Device Tree Blob: msm8994-angler-rev-101.dtb
device-tree/qcom/msm8996-mtp.dtb                        -- Device Tree Blob: msm8996-mtp.dtb
device-tree/qcom/sdm845-mtp.dtb                         -- Device Tree Blob: sdm845-mtp.dtb
device-tree/rockchip/rk3328-evb.dtb                     -- Device Tree Blob: rk3328-evb.dtb
device-tree/rockchip/rk3328-roc-cc.dtb                  -- Device Tree Blob: rk3328-roc-cc.dtb
device-tree/rockchip/rk3328-rock64.dtb                  -- Device Tree Blob: rk3328-rock64.dtb
device-tree/rockchip/rk3368-evb-act8846.dtb             -- Device Tree Blob: rk3368-evb-act8846.dtb
device-tree/rockchip/rk3368-geekbox.dtb                 -- Device Tree Blob: rk3368-geekbox.dtb
device-tree/rockchip/rk3368-lion-haikou.dtb             -- Device Tree Blob: rk3368-lion-haikou.dtb
device-tree/rockchip/rk3368-orion-r68-meta.dtb          -- Device Tree Blob: rk3368-orion-r68-meta.dtb
device-tree/rockchip/rk3368-px5-evb.dtb                 -- Device Tree Blob: rk3368-px5-evb.dtb
device-tree/rockchip/rk3368-r88.dtb                     -- Device Tree Blob: rk3368-r88.dtb
device-tree/rockchip/rk3399-evb.dtb                     -- Device Tree Blob: rk3399-evb.dtb
device-tree/rockchip/rk3399-ficus.dtb                   -- Device Tree Blob: rk3399-ficus.dtb
device-tree/rockchip/rk3399-firefly.dtb                 -- Device Tree Blob: rk3399-firefly.dtb
device-tree/rockchip/rk3399-gru-bob.dtb                 -- Device Tree Blob: rk3399-gru-bob.dtb
device-tree/rockchip/rk3399-gru-kevin.dtb               -- Device Tree Blob: rk3399-gru-kevin.dtb
device-tree/rockchip/rk3399-puma-haikou.dtb             -- Device Tree Blob: rk3399-puma-haikou.dtb
device-tree/rockchip/rk3399-sapphire-excavator.dtb      -- Device Tree Blob: rk3399-sapphire-excavator.dtb
device-tree/rockchip/rk3399-sapphire.dtb                -- Device Tree Blob: rk3399-sapphire.dtb
device-tree/xilinx/avnet-ultra96-rev1.dtb               -- Device Tree Blob: avnet-ultra96-rev1.dtb
device-tree/xilinx/zynqmp-zc1232-revA.dtb               -- Device Tree Blob: zynqmp-zc1232-revA.dtb
device-tree/xilinx/zynqmp-zc1254-revA.dtb               -- Device Tree Blob: zynqmp-zc1254-revA.dtb
device-tree/xilinx/zynqmp-zc1275-revA.dtb               -- Device Tree Blob: zynqmp-zc1275-revA.dtb
device-tree/xilinx/zynqmp-zc1751-xm015-dc1.dtb          -- Device Tree Blob: zynqmp-zc1751-xm015-dc1.dtb
device-tree/xilinx/zynqmp-zc1751-xm016-dc2.dtb          -- Device Tree Blob: zynqmp-zc1751-xm016-dc2.dtb
device-tree/xilinx/zynqmp-zc1751-xm017-dc3.dtb          -- Device Tree Blob: zynqmp-zc1751-xm017-dc3.dtb
device-tree/xilinx/zynqmp-zc1751-xm018-dc4.dtb          -- Device Tree Blob: zynqmp-zc1751-xm018-dc4.dtb
device-tree/xilinx/zynqmp-zc1751-xm019-dc5.dtb          -- Device Tree Blob: zynqmp-zc1751-xm019-dc5.dtb
device-tree/xilinx/zynqmp-zcu100-revC.dtb               -- Device Tree Blob: zynqmp-zcu100-revC.dtb
device-tree/xilinx/zynqmp-zcu102-rev1.0.dtb             -- Device Tree Blob: zynqmp-zcu102-rev1.0.dtb
device-tree/xilinx/zynqmp-zcu102-revA.dtb               -- Device Tree Blob: zynqmp-zcu102-revA.dtb
device-tree/xilinx/zynqmp-zcu102-revB.dtb               -- Device Tree Blob: zynqmp-zcu102-revB.dtb
device-tree/xilinx/zynqmp-zcu104-revA.dtb               -- Device Tree Blob: zynqmp-zcu104-revA.dtb
device-tree/xilinx/zynqmp-zcu106-revA.dtb               -- Device Tree Blob: zynqmp-zcu106-revA.dtb
device-tree/xilinx/zynqmp-zcu111-revA.dtb               -- Device Tree Blob: zynqmp-zcu111-revA.dtb
netboot/debian-installer                                -- PXE boot directory for tftp server
netboot/mini.iso                                        -- tiny CD image that boots the netboot installer
netboot/netboot.tar.gz                                  -- tarball of PXE boot directory
